Feature content for Teleport 4.4 (#4488)
gravitational/teleport: docs/4.4/enterprise/sso/ssh-one-login.md

![Configure APP](../../img/sso/onelogin/onelogin-saml-5.png)

### Download SAML XML Metadata

> Once the Application is setup. Download `SAML Metadata`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the application is set up, download `SAML Metadata`.
```
